Chore (Serverless function monitoring): Added available Lambda metrics (#18974)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/serverless-function-monitoring/aws-lambda-monitoring/ui-data/lambda-metrics.mdx

---

> title: Available Lamda metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Lamda metrics
```

metaDescription: Available Lambda metrics in New Relic.

> freshnessValidatedDate: never

Reviewer: @cbehera-newrelic you could add a freshness date even thought this is a new doc.

---

> The following table lists the available Lambda metrics for your Lambda functions in New Relic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the metrics available for your Lambda functions in New Relic:
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>

>             **Metric type**

Reviewer: @cbehera-newrelic I think any values in the table heading are automatically converted to bold by the CSS. I'm not sure you need to make them bold with inline formatting.

            </th>
            <th>

>             **Metrics**

Reviewer: @cbehera-newrelic I think you could use the singular form `Metric` here. Or, if you decide to insert the actual names of the metrics you'd see in the database, you could insert `Metric name`.

            </th>
            <th>
            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            Performance
            </td>
            <td>

            </td>
            <td>
            
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Duration
            </td>
            <td>
            Time taken for a function to be executed.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Latency
            </td>
            <td>
            Time taken for a function to return response.
            </td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Throughput              
            </td>
            <td>

>             Number of function invocations per seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Number of function invocations per second.
```

            Memory
            </td>
            <td>
            The amount of memory used by your functions.
            </td>
        </tr>
                <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Memory used
            </td>
            <td>
            The memory that a function consumed during execution.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Memory size
            </td>
            <td>
            Allocated memory available to the function while executing.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Out of memory
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of times the function runs out of memory.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Invocations
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of times a function was invoked by an event from an AWS service or API call.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>	
            Iterator age
            </td>
            <td>

>             Age of last record for each batch of records for a stream. Helps determine if a function is taking too much time for processing a batch of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Age of last record for each batch of records for a stream. Helps you determine if a function is taking too much time for processing a batch of data.
```

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Dead letter errors
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of times the Lambda could not send an event to an async function.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            Concurrency
            </td>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Throttles
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of times a function was throttled due to concurrency limits.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Concurrent executions
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of concurrent executions over a given time period.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Unreserved concurrent executions
            </td>
            <td>

>             This shows the remaining unreserved concurrency, for unreserved functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This shows the remaining unreserved concurrency for unreserved functions.
```

            </td>
            <td>
            Percentage of provisioned concurrency being utilized at a given time.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Provisioned concurrency spillover invocations
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of requests that exceeded provisioned concurrency limit and were not processed.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Provisioned concurrency reservations
            </td>
            <td>
            Provisioned concurrency units reserved.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            Function
            </td>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Last modified
            </td>
            <td>
            Last modified time of a function.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Cold start rate
            </td>
            <td>

>             Percentage of invocations that were cold started, correlation with services.

Reviewer: @cbehera-newrelic what does "correlation with services" mean? Could you clarify that?

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Cold start count
            </td>
            <td>
            The number of times a function encountered a cold start.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Cold start count
            </td>
            <td>
            Avg, min, and max time it takes for a function to start after being idle.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Estimated costs
            </td>
            <td>
            Estimated cost of running a function.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Retries
            </td>
            <td>

>             Number of times a function was retired because it failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Number of times a function was retired because it failed.
```

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Failures
            </td>
            <td>
            Number of times a function failed.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Billed duration
            </td>
            <td>

>             NThe time of function execution that was billed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The time of function execution that was billed.
```

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Billed network bytes
            </td>
            <td>
            Total network bytes that a function generated.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Async events dropped
            </td>
            <td>
            The number of events dropped without successfully running the function.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Async events received
            </td>
            <td>
            The number of events received by the function.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Async event age
            </td>
            <td>

>             AsyncEventAge is a measure of time between Lambda successfully queuing the event and invoking the function.

Reviewer: @cbehera-newrelic `AsyncEventAge` looks like the actual metric name you'd query in the query builder. Could you add another column that has all of the exact names? Or, you could replace the values in the column for the common names with the literal names of the metrics. What do you think?

Author: It's good idea to replace metrics column with exact metrics names. Creating one more column might confuse users.

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            </td>
            <td>
            Timeouts
            </td>
            <td>

>             Amount of execution time for function before it is stopped by the AWS runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The execution time for a function before it is stopped by the AWS runtime.
```
